New Student Organization Registration

Creating a new student organization can be an exciting time but can sometimes feel confusing and frustrating. 
It is important to be on top of UNLV requirements and educate yourself about UNLV policies, procedures, and expectations.

Complete the following to get your student organization registered:

Step 1: Create an Online Profile

        Log into the Involvement Center using your ACE account. Click the Organizations button at the top of the page, 
        then Register An Organization on the left. *Please note that this function is only available during the registration period.
        You must be a Primary Contact or President of the organization to access this function. To update your roster, contact 
        involvement@unlv.edu or 702-895-5631. The policies and Student Conduct Code will be provided in the online registration form. 
        It will provide valuable information every organization needs to know in order to be a viable organization at UNLV, which
        operates in line with the Student Code of Conduct.

Step 2: Communicate with Your Advisor

        After completing your online registration, your full-time faculty or staff advisor will be notified within 1-2 business
        days with instructions on how to complete their portion of the registration. All advisors must complete the Advisor Agreement Form.
        Your advisor must complete these steps by the registration deadline in order to activate your organization. Make sure you 
        communicate early and often with your advisor so they know what to expect.

Step 3: Attend the Required RSO Leader Training

        This is the final step to activating your organization. This meeting will cover important information you need to operate
        for the year. It is also an opportunity to network with other organizations and meet the UNLV staff that are here to support you. 
        At least one representative from your organization must attend one of the many offered meetings (dates below).

https://www.unlv.edu/sia/student-orgs/registration/register
