Shared Document for Notetaking
Questions to Ask Sal
Last Revised: May 21, 2019

1. What advice do you have for being successful in establishing an RSO?



2. What do you see as the factors that support your success for Mario Party Wars?

Sounds like a plan. In terms of the success with Mario Party Wars at unlv. I'd be glad to give some insight.🙂🙂

So overall, the keys that I found to success as an RSO were the following:

-1. Your objectives: What is TODA's short and long term goals? This will be important specifically for communicating with students and your members why it's great to join the org and the benefits for getting involved. This will also play a role for any CSUN funds you try to acquire as you'll need to be able to present the benefits of what you ask back to what you do as TODA.

2. Marketing: This is essential for success due to many factors that makes RSO success difficult at unlv. Whether it's informational(flyers, events, and so on), promotional(giveaways and such), or anything else, marketing plays a big role. This leads into a factor that coincides with this. 

3. Communication: One of the most essential factors for RSO's, communication is important not only to getting the word out around campus but also to your members. Many orgs at unlv that fail don't take this seriously so it's important you guys learn how you'll communicate as an RSO.

4. Being active: As simple as this sounds, getting involved not as simple as it seems. In order to succeed as an RSO, you'll need to be engaged with your members and get involved outside of that. Whether it's events, seminars, or anything else, being involved is very important. This includes collaborative efforts. Unlv is pretty bad at getting orgs together but it benefits everyone. Not only does it help spread the word about your org but it can also provide new opportunities and help UNLV in the process.

3. Is there any issues that you would have dealt with differently?

4. Do you mind if we ask Kevin to be our faculty advisor?
